TELEGRAM-E-HENTAI-BOT

A python telegram bot tracking e-hentai/exhentai galleries and sending them to user as well as bot 
admin's channel (if user allowed).

ATTENTION

This version would not support the previous userdata structure. Although I have provided a script 
(userdataconver.py) to help bot admin to convert it, re-input this userdata is recommended.

WHAT'S NEW

1 The bot would exploit a stable multi-threading method to download the preview images significantly improving the 
  efficiency.
2 It now supports socks5 proxy.
3 3 Optimized the format while sending the result. Now the connection between image, title, and URL is more clear.

 
MAJOR FEATURES
1 This bot would utilize user created profiles to search e-hentai or exhentai, then send the result 
  (including galleries' title, links and preview images(small or full image)) to users' chat and 
  (if user allowed) bot admin's channel at a specified time cycle.
2 It contains a step by step guide to help users to create their search profiles.
3 The bot admin could control and alter both the bot's and the spider's process. Please read the
  config file to gain more information.
4 It supports HTTP/HTTPS/SOCKS5 proxies which are useful for the territory restricting the access to telegram 
  and/or e-hentai. 

ENVIRONMENT AND PYTHON VERSION
Tested OS: UBUNTU 16.04
I have only tested this program on Ubuntu 16.04; deploy it on Ubuntu 14.04 might encounter some strange 
UNICODE errors.

Python version: 3.5 or above

PRE-REQUEST
This program relies on several third-party python modules.

requests   http://docs.python-requests.org
python-telegram-bot   https://python-telegram-bot.readthedocs.io
PILLOW   https://pillow.readthedocs.io

BASIC USAGE FOR BOT ADMIN

1. Apply a bot at @BotFather on telegram. Then copy the token to token variable in 
   tgbotmodules/spidermodules/generalcfg.py.

2. Create a private channel and add the bot created before as the admin. Then exploit some 
   specified bots (like @getidsbot) to gain the channel ID. Once gained this ID, copy it to the 
   pubChannelID variable in tgbotmodules/spidermodules/generalcfg.py.

3. RECOMMENDATION-View the config file (generalcfg.py) to customize the bot's functions. 

4. Run tgexhbot_tg.py

5. Now exploit telegram to access your bot and add the search profiles.


If bot admin hopes to run this bot on servers' background, exploiting systemd to create a service is 
recommended.

LICENSE: WTFPL

Although I do not have a huge amount of time to maintain this repo, if you encounter any bug or have 
any suggestion, please feel free to contact me. I would do my best to deal with them.


Author's e-mail: saimonekurea[at]gmail.com
Author's Telegram: https://t.me/egg0001



